there can't be many of us who don't own
at least one pair of jeans
but there are also a lot of us who don't
know which style is right for them
well here are the stylists modeling
their favorite pair
[Music]
lucy is proving that skinny jeans are
not just for skinny people
thanks to 2 elastane the substance that
makes them stretchy
and suitable for every size they're also
high-waisted so they hold in the tummy
area
[Music]
madame cat's go-to jeans are always the
mum or boyfriend cut
so that's a loose fit with a straight
leg and with a fashionable crop at the
ankle
plus a spot of trendy distressing
our nana's chosen high-waisted wide-leg
culotte jeans
as they flatter her hourglass figure her
fashionable fraying
and show off her oh so on fleek healed
boots
while done in fashions come and go the
stylist top tip
is to find the pair that works for you
and your shape
and do me a favor stick to him
what a lineup